cellulite isn't necessarily fats fault
in fact eighty-five percent of women of
all shapes and sizes suffer from
cellulite it's not just about being
overweight even super skinny women have
cellulite cellulite is caused from three
things genetics so you can think mom for
that one hormones and lifestyle and when
it comes to lifestyle i'm talking about
diet exercise and other things like
going out in the sun so this is all
about diet we'll talk about fitness and
lifestyle in another post and when it
comes to the diet it's about
strengthening connective tissues
repairing cells and increasing
circulation because cellulite is caused
from fat that pushes through the sides
of cells up to the outer layer right up
underneath the skin and it's the fat
that's pushing up against the skin the
reason it's able to get there is because
the connective tissues and the cells are
weak and the fats able to squeeze
through so there are certain foods that
you can use both by eating them and
putting them on your skin that help to
strengthen the connective tissue and
repair cells so you might not be able to
make cellulite go away there's a big
debate about this but you can minimize
its appearance and make it so that not
as much shows up later the first trick
is caffeine caffeine gets you moving
right it wakes you up in the morning
well it also gets the blood moving it
makes circulations start going in your
system even when you just rub it on the
skin because remember your skin is like
a sponge so anything you put on your
skin is going to go into your body which
is the whole green argument of why
people don't like to use chemicals in
their skin care products it's like their
skin is sucking up those chemicals but
that's a whole different thing so
laughing helps to also pull excess
fluids out of cells if you want to use
caffeine to help minimize the appearance
of your cellulite then mix grounds of
coffee so in the morning you finish your
coffee you have coffee grinds take that
mix it with either olive oil or coconut
oil get in the shower and scrub it on
your cellulite infested areas it will
help to increase the circulation and it
will really help to minimize the
appearance the other great thing is that
coffee grinds are a little bit coarse so
it helps to exfoliate the skin get rid
of the dead skin cells which also helps
to minimize the appearance of cellulite
then our eggs eggs are great for
connective tissue repair it's the
lecithin in the yolk that is super super
powerful when it comes to cellulite so
you're going to make an egg mask you're
going to take an egg crack it and put it
on your cellulite you want the whole egg
because the yolk has the lecithin and
then the whites actually help to tighten
it's almost like glue so you put it on
let it dry and then wash it off and
you'll see that your skin appears
tighter it's also going to help to
minimize that cellulite then is cayenne
pepper cayenne is a hot herb it's known
actually as a fat burning food because
it gets your circulation going it also
helps with cell turnover so it's getting
rid of the the week bad cells and
replacing them with new strong cells
which is what you need if you want to
avoid cellulite it also helps to smooth
the appearance of cellulite if you put
it on topically so you're going to mix a
quarter teaspoon of cayenne a half a cup
of oatmeal and a half a cup of milk and
the reason for the oatmeal and the milk
is because oatmeal similar to coffee
grinds is a natural exfoliator it's a
little bit coarse so it helps to take
off some of the dead skin layers then
the same thing with milk milk has lactic
acid another exfoliator
so you're taking off some layers of dead
skin and then the cayenne pepper is able
to soak in even more so it's upping the
benefits of the cayenne pepper and
helping to minimize the appearance of
cellulite so make sure you check back to
hear about the fitness for cellulite and
other lifestyle changes but if you're
smart about it you can minimize maybe it
won't completely go away but you can
minimize your cellulite and you will
look better from behind